okay from the Czech Republic we have
star own problem
5% alcohol as I guess is a nice Pilsner
I guess it's one of the original
pilsners from from Czech Republic
apparently the star will prom in Bowie
was is the second oldest in the country
so there you go there's some history to
old star oh premon and they have gotten
some big reviews as far as i can see on
the old beer advocate so let's give it a
shot I'm always open to a good log or
good Pilsner even though they're not my
favourite style but if it's good it's
good so it's 5% ABV let's give her a
shot
all right sort of that golden kind of
orange apple juice kind of look to it
bit more golden and some of them yeah
okay so uh in the heads sticking around
it's nothing special but it's it's stuck
in there doesn't seem to go on now much
so that's good let's give her a little
love smelling out hmm
definitely smells like a pilsner but it
doesn't have the sketchiness there yeah
mmm actually there's a bit extra to this
one and what you usually get it
definitely has that sort of floral kind
of floral kind of aroma to it but kind
of a hurry
maybe even that kind of woody kind of
smell there too not the usual grassiness
and floralis that you get from a logger
or pills but almost a nail kind of smell
the fruitiness is almost it reminds me
of sort of a al kind of sweetness oh
it's different having come so many
loggers like that pilsners loggers so
ever taste now
hmm
Wow that is a very dry that's a very
very dry puzzle
I mean you usually sort of dry anyway
but that's actually really exceptionally
good for the style nice sort of bitter
dryness hmm nice quite nice I quite like
that not much more to say about it
it's it's a decent it's a really decent
kind of pills nice sort of bitterness
dryness at the end there
nice nice aroma pleasant aroma a good
drinking beer probably Mike it's
probably a pretty decent session beer
quite frankly yeah I could I could drink
a lot of these it's got a kind of a
bitterness there that reminds me a bit
of a nail so yeah I'd actually I'd
actually probably give that 405 quite
frankly ya know let's say 3.5 out of 5
I'm being a little generous there mmm
because I can't think of some loggers
and pilsners that are better than this
but this is above the average one anyway
so I give it about a 3.5 out of 5 star
aprama
from Prague is that's a damn good
frigging beer good better than the
better than the standard crap here and
UNICEF Mike so yeah check it out
3.5 out of 5 first our private